was just like three of those moving all
this interaction
so that could be anything that is you
mean down low
yeah it's all right on the horizon oh
yeah we saw this these crazy things
dancing though what we saw I mean it's
like you can't explain it but the two
things coming together and going apart
what the is that
I don't know got my mom or go get her
film camera my quarter okay get the
camera is one of these
I'm here why not you just do this I saw
that oh my god
what the
whoa
it's like a glowing ball
yeah do my right pocket I can't alright
I'm late on it
all right on it
oh okay well geez I'll show it to you on
the inside computer because you can't
see you mean down low yeah it's alright
on horizon
oh yeah we saw these crazy things
dancing what we saw I mean it's like you
can't explain it with the two things
coming together and growing apart